add BIP341 to the threshold Schnorr rust example (#1071)
dfinity/examples: rust/threshold-schnorr/README.md

Deploying to the Internet Computer requires [cycles](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/getting-started/tokens-and-cycles) (the equivalent of "gas" on other blockchains).

#### Update management canister ID reference for testing

The latest version of `dfx`, `v0.24.3`, does not yet support
`opt_merkle_tree_root_hex` that is not `None`. Therefore, for local tests, [the

> chainkey testing canister](https://github.com/dfinity/chainkey-testing-canister)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chain-key testing canister](https://github.com/dfinity/chainkey-testing-canister)
```

can be installed and used instead of the management canister. Note also that the

> chainkey testing canister is deployed on mainnet and can be used for mainnet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chain-key testing canister is deployed on the mainnet and can be used for mainnet
```

testing to reduce the costs, see the linked repo for more details.

This sample canister allows the caller to change the management canister address
for Schnorr by calling the `for_test_only_change_management_canister_id`
endpoint with the target canister principal. With `dfx`, this can be done

> automatically with `make mock`, which will install the chainkey testing canister

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatically with `make mock`, which will install the chain-key testing canister
```

Computing threshold Schnorr signatures is the core functionality of this feature. **Canisters do not hold Schnorr keys themselves**, but keys are derived from a master key held by dedicated subnets. A canister can request the computation of a signature through the management canister API. The request is then routed to a subnet holding the specified key and the subnet computes the requested signature using threshold cryptography. Thereby, it derives the canister root key or a key obtained through further derivation, as part of the signature protocol, from a shared secret and the requesting canister's principal identifier. Thus, a canister can only request signatures to be created for its canister root key or a key derived from it. This means, that canisters "control" their private Schnorr keys in that they decide when signatures are to be created with them, but don't hold a private key themselves.

> The threschold Schnorr signature API allows to pass auxiliary information for

Reviewer 2: nit: threschold -> threshold

Author: done
